[doc] Add explanatation of usage of TI_VISIBLE_DEVICE and CUDA_VISIBLE_DEVICES (#5910)
taichi-dev/taichi: docs/lang/articles/reference/global_settings.md

- To specify which kind of architecture (Arch) to use: `ti.init(arch=ti.cuda)`.
- To specify the pre-allocated memory size for CUDA:
  `ti.init(device_memory_GB=0.5)`.

> - To specify which GPU to use for CUDA(the first one is suggested):

Reviewer: Let's say "(gpuid=0 is recommended)" ?

Author: maybe default set is `gpuid=0`?

  `export TI_VISIBLE_DEVICE=[gpuid]` or `export CUDA_VISIBLE_DEVICES=[gpuid]`.
- To disable a backend (`CUDA`, `METAL`, `OPENGL`) on start up, e.g. CUDA:
  `export TI_ENABLE_CUDA=0`.

:::note

> If you set the value of one of the `TI_VISIBLE_DEVICE` and `CUDA_VISIBLE_DEVICES`, then the other's value will be the same. It's not suggested that you set different value of `TI_VISIBLE_DEVICE` and `CUDA_VISIBLE_DEVICES` which will raise a warning message.

Reviewer: Setting either `TI_VISIBLE_DEVICE` or `CUDA_VISIBLE_DEVICES` will override the value of the other. Setting different values for `TI_VISIBLE_DEVICE` and `CUDA_VISIBLE_DEVICES` will likely cause undefined behavior thus not recommended.

Author: This is the old docs, I have updated it.

Reviewer: Oh my bad

  `ti.init(device_memory_GB=0.5)`.
- To specify which GPU to use for CUDA:
  `export CUDA_VISIBLE_DEVICES=[gpuid]`.
- To specify which GPU to use for VULKAN:
- `export TI_VISIBLE_DEVICE=[gpuid]`
- To disable a backend (`CUDA`, `METAL`, `OPENGL`) on start up, e.g. CUDA:
  `export TI_ENABLE_CUDA=0`.

:::note

> Under the case that you may want to use cuda as taichi kernel backend, and vulkan as GGUI backend. If you have multiple GPU devices, then you should take care of if `CUDA_VISIBLE_DEVICES` is matched with `TI_VISIBLE_DEVICE`. In general, `CUDA_VISIBLE_DEVICES` and `TI_VISIBLE_DEVICE` should indicate the same uuid of a GPU device. Use `nvidia-smi -L` to quiery the details of your GPU devices.

Reviewer: Under the hood, GGUI uses Vulkan to perform rendering. Therefore, in the scenario where CUDA is used as the primary  backend, one should avoid setting different `uuid`s for `CUDA_VISIBLE_DEVICES` and `TI_VISIBLE_DEVICE`, so as to guarantee correct data transfer between CUDA and Vulkan devices. You may use `nvidia-smi -L` to query the details of your GPU devices

> Under the case that you may want to use cuda as taichi kernel backend, and vulkan as GGUI backend. If you have multiple GPU devices, then you should take care of if `CUDA_VISIBLE_DEVICES` is matched with `TI_VISIBLE_DEVICE`. In general, `CUDA_VISIBLE_DEVICES` and `TI_VISIBLE_DEVICE` should indicate the same uuid of a GPU device. Use `nvidia-smi -L` to quiery the details of your GPU devices.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In case you want to use taichi cuda backend together with GGUI on a machine with multiple GPU cards, please make sure `CUDA_VISIBLE_DEVICES` matches `TI_VISIBLE_DEVICE` if any of them exists. In general, `CUDA_VISIBLE_DEVICES` and `TI_VISIBLE_DEVICE` should point to a GPU device with the same UUID. Use `nvidia-smi -L` to query the details of your GPU devices.
```
